AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metadata/data_generator/data_generator.md

# Data Generator

> Human-readable name of the entity that generated the dataset instance. The Data Generator ensures the technical accuracy and delivery of the data.

Reviewer: I suggest we:

-  **retain the reference to the Service Provider**, as it adds context, clarifies the relationship between the Service Provider and the Data Generator and helps understand their roles, 
- and also explicitly mention the **Metadata** and **dataset instance artifacts**, to reflect the full scope of what the data generator produces

```suggestion
Human-readable name of the entity that generates the [FOCUS Metadata](#metadata) and [*FOCUS dataset instance artifacts*](#glossary:dataset-instance-artifact), typically either the [*service provider*](#serviceprovidername) itself or a separate entity that derives data from information originally supplied by the service provider. The data generator ensures the technical accuracy and delivery of the data.
```

Author: This add in my opinion is more confusing.
